# UX-Portolio

300 Words
Kyle McCartney grew up in the Pacific Northwest in Vancouver, Washington in a hard-working and adventurous family. He is the youngest of 5 siblings which includes a non-identical, twin brother, a sister, an older brother, an oldest sister and two unique cats.  In primary school, Kyle received recognition for academic success, accomplishments in sports and for positive, leadership characteristics. While in High School, Kyle participated in DECA, FCA, soccer, track, and cross country. He also worked at a local grocery store, completed a Marketing Internship, volunteered and earned his 2-year Associates Degree at Clark College through the State of Washington’s Running Start program. Kyle is currently in his fourth and final year at Eastern Washington University. As a “Dean’s Scholar”, he is on track to earn 2 undergraduate degrees by June 2020 – a Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration Marketing and a Bachelor of Design in Visual Communication Design. He also intends to include a certificate in User Experience Design. Outside of the classroom, Kyle works in the University’s Housing and Residential Life office as their graphic designer and social media manager creating effective marketing content and advertising materials. Kyle was active in his fraternity as an Executive Officer and frequently involved in club activities. Recognized for his passion, focus, drive and dependability, Kyle encourages friends and classmates to focus on the big picture while also respecting the value and importance of detail. His career goal is to become a leader in brand development and brand management and to help clients effectively communicate their genuine uniqueness and strengths in a visually compelling way.

150 Words
Kyle McCartney is in his fourth year at Eastern Washington University. As a “Dean’s Scholar”, he tracking to earn 2 undergraduate degrees by June 2019 – a BA in Business Administration in Marketing and a BDes in Visual Communication Design. He also intends to add a certificate in User Experience Design. Outside of the classroom, Kyle works in the University’s Housing and Residential Life office as their graphic designer and social media manager creating effective marketing content and advertising materials. Kyle was active in his fraternity as an Executive Officer and frequently involved in club activities. Recognized for his passion, focus, drive and dependability, Kyle encourages friends and classmates to focus on the big picture while respecting the importance of detail. His career goal is to become a leader in brand development and brand management and to help clients effectively communicate their genuine uniqueness and strengths in a visually compelling way.

75 Words
Kyle McCartney is tracking to earn 2 undergraduate degrees from Eastern Washington University by June 2020 – a BA in Business Administration in Marketing and a BDes in Visual Communication Design with a certificate in User Experience Design. On campus, Kyle works as a graphic designer and social media manager. He was active in his fraternity and also involved in club activities. His career goal is to become a leader in brand development and brand management.

Elevator Pitch
I want to help companies succeed in the marketplace through effective branding practices that build life-loyal customers.
